W-16102873 RPA Manager release notes 2024-06/2. (#393)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-home/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/release-notes/rpa-manager-release-notes.adoc

RPA Manager is the cloud-based control plane for your automation projects.

[[june-26-2024]]
== June 26, 2024

// == What's New
//include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=whatsNew,leveloffset=+2]

// == Fixed Issues
include::partial$release-notes/rn-headings.adoc[tag=fixedIssues,leveloffset=+2]

[%header,cols="6a,1a"]
|===
|Issue Resolution |ID

> | RPA Builder is now able to download runtime packages from RPA Manager. | W-16080683

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Updating the WebDriver while testing the Chrome Web Session or Edge Web Session action steps in RPA Builder no longer fails. RPA Builder is now able to download runtime packages from RPA Manager. | W-16080683
```

> | Serialized JSON in an activity parameter of type string will not been modified during the execution of a process. | W-15881024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The first character of an Activity Parameter string values in JSON format no longer changes to lower case when passed from one Activity to another.
 | W-15881024
```

Reviewer: Is this correct? Does this only happen for JSON format or for all strings or for all characters following a curly bracket?

Author: If we want to describe this in that detail I need to check it with the engineers.

Reviewer: We only need as much detail as absolutely necessary for mentioning the behavior the users experienced (not the cause of it).
We could probably shorten it like this:
Activity Parameter values in JSON format no longer change when passed from one Activity to another.
